DOC-3291: Clarify use of PRIMARY KEY in tables (#14306)
cockroachdb/docs: v21.1/primary-key.md

toc: true
---

> The `PRIMARY KEY` [constraint](constraints.html) specifies that the constrained columns' values must uniquely identify each row. Tables can only have one primary key, but they can have multiple [unique constraints](unique.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PRIMARY KEY` [constraint](constraints.html) specifies that the constrained columns' values must uniquely identify each row.  A table can only have one primary key, but it can have multiple [unique constraints](unique.html).
```

Reviewer: I think singular `table` to plural `tables` is easier to parse and understand, but up to you.
